NOTE:
The solutions provided are based on my understanding of the questions. Where the instructions were ambiguous, I interpreted them using my best understanding.


PROGRAM 1 : BRAIN PROGRAM

Files: brain.c , urecv.c , usend.c
Logic of program:
urecv.c is Ear. It waits on a port and receives message.
usend.c is Mouth. It sends message to target IP and port.
brain.c is center program.
brain reads message from Ear (urecv).
after reading full message, brain passes same message to Mouth (usend).
mouth sends this message to display terminal.
Simple fixed-value communication. All IP, ports, buffer size are inside code.
run :make run_brain

PROGRAM 2 : baby0 PROGRAM
Files: baby0.c , urecv.c , usend.c
Logic of program:
Same logic as brain program (receive → brain → send).
Difference: values not fixed in code.
baby0.c reads all settings from config file:

ear port
mouth port
message size
ip
system size

After reading file, baby0 starts:
ear receives message
baby0 forward message
mouth sends message
This program supports easy change of ports and message size using config file.
run : make run_baby0

PROGRAM 3 : baby1 PROGRAM
File: baby1.c
Logic of program:
Program handles large messages using chunk method.
UDP cannot safely send big messages at once, so:
splits message into small parts (default 1024 bytes).
sends one chunk.
waits for some time.
sends next chunk.
On receive side, it collects all chunks again and rebuild full message.
Two programs run opposite port directions so both can send and receive.
run: make run_baby1_send
     make run_baby1_recv

PROGRAM 4 : baby2 PROGRAM
File: baby2.c
Logic of program:
Each terminal running baby2 behaves like a small node.
When first terminal runs, it prints its own ID and port.
When another terminal runs:
it broadcasts “I am online” with its ID.
First terminal receives this announcement and shows new node online.
If third terminal runs, announcement goes to all running terminals.
Simple local network announcement system using one port.

run: make run_baby2

after done all exit : clean